.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH init 1  "init " 
.SH NAME
init \- Initialize a new TiefDown project.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBinit\fR [\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-templates\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-no\-templates\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-markdown\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-smart\-clean\fR] [\fB\-\-smart\-clean\-threshold\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fIPROJECT\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Initialize a new TiefDown project.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-templates\fR=\fITEMPLATES\fR
The preset templates to use. If not provided, the default template.tex will be used.
For custom templates, use the update command after initializing the project.
If using a LiX template, make sure to install the corresponding .sty and .cls files from https://github.com/NicklasVraa/LiX. Adjust the metadata in template/meta.tex accordingly.

.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtemplate.tex, booklet.tex, lix_novel_a4.tex, lix_novel_book.tex, template_typ.typ, default_epub]
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no\-templates\fR
Do not include the default templates. You will need to add templates manually with Update
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
Delete the project if it already exists.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-markdown\-dir\fR=\fIMARKDOWN_DIR\fR
The directory where the Markdown files are located. If not provided, Markdown/ will be used.
.TP
\fB\-\-smart\-clean\fR
Enables smart clean for the project with a default threshold of 5.
If the number of conversion folders in the project is above this threshold, old folders will be cleaned, leaving only the threshold amount of folders.
.TP
\fB\-\-smart\-clean\-threshold\fR=\fISMART_CLEAN_THRESHOLD\fR
The threshold for smart clean. If not provided, the default threshold of 5 will be used.
If the number of conversion folders in the project is above this threshold, old folders will be cleaned, leaving only the threshold amount of folders.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
[\fIPROJECT\fR]
The project to initialize. If not provided, the current directory will be used.
